You want to deploy an existing app to Microsoft Azure. The app requires a microservice architecture. What should you use to host the app?

Service fabric
App service --- ans --- wrong
Virtual machine

You are using the Azure Resource Health tool. Which status means that the service hasn't detected any events that affect the health of the resource?

Ready
Available --- ans
Unavailable
Running

Which is a serverless compute service that runs code-on-demand?

Functions --- ans
Logic apps
Web apps 
API apps


What is the foundational platform on which all Microsoft Azure App Service apps rely?

Microsoft Azure Storage Queue
Linux Virtual Machine
Web Apps --- ans
Windows Virtual Machine


You are using the Azure Resource Health tool. Which status means that the service hasn't received any information about the resource for more than 15 min?

Unavailable
Available
Safe
Unknown --- ans


You are interested in viewing data from event logs and error logs. Which of the following should you use?

Diagnostics as a service --- ans
Failure history
Resource health
Mitigation


You are using the Azure Resource Health tool. Which status means that the service has a loss in performance of the resource, although it is available for usage?

Running
Degraded --- ans
Unavailable
Available


Mobile apps can build offline-ready apps with data sync.

True --- ans
False


Which of the following mobile apps can build offline-ready apps with data sync?

Azure active directory
Google
All the options --- ans
Facebook
Twiiter


API apps can integrate with the Logic Apps and Visual Studio.

False
True --- ans


You need to implement an application in Microsoft Azure that will be used to support an IoT scenario. Clients will access the application using REST. Which type of app should you implement?

Web
API
Logic --- ans --- wrong
Mobile


You plan to deploy 200 apps to Microsoft Azure. The apps require 25 gigabytes (GB) of disk space, 7,500 Logic App Actions per day, and 99.95 percent uptime. What is the minimum App Service plan you can use?

Free
Basic
Standard --- ans
Premium


You plan to use Github as the deployment source for your app, which settings must you configure for the Github source.

Authorization, project
Authorization, branch, project --- ans
Branch, performance test


Which of the following statements are correct regarding deployment slots?

Your app must be running on a standard or premium tier.
All the options --- ans --- wrong
Cannot swap the deployment slots while it is in the production slot
Validating web app changes is not possible in staging slot before swapping it with the production slot.


Which type of app saves time in building complex workflows using design tools?

Web
API
Mobile
Logic --- ans